it all starts with the candle first we
came up with the magics light and now
the logic speaker let's approve and
wireless compatible with any business
device or smartphone or tablet logic
speaker has an unbelievable sound
quality it's designed as small and light
as a chicken egg
this amazing port only allows you to use
it anywhere anytime the magnet at the
back of magic speakers allows it to be
attached on any magnetic surface
alternating between music and navigation
without missing a beat
let's go
the built-in microphone a magic speaker
allows you to take important calls
hands-free and proven made safety for
everyone
magic speaker is entirely waterproof and
the shower sing-along experience has
never been better you can use your logic
speaker in the rain and even in the
swimming pools each magic speaker comes
with a 13 desk to keep it at the water
surface so that you can blow duck calls
and enjoy music and the poor
all set let's go with us functionality
and versatility the magic speaker is
designed with a single LED button to
ensure a simple user interface as a
reference this is the sound quality of
an iPhone now the same song has been
played by magic speaker the special
thing about magic speaker is the
exceptional sound quality the audio is
clean and associated
you can recharge your magic speaker but
any USB source compared to the usual of
speakers music speaker is able to
orientate yourself to the Fluxus turn
purposes to the sound and elder action
you want increases quality and at the
same time reduces disturbance to others
we have finished prototyping and we need
your help to start production please
plug for those projects are simply sure
those around thank you